you know it took a lot of courses in my time in school and I spent a lot
of time on in looking back on it at least from this position that's
been a long time but I can't remember a single course that and feel
like I got some benefit from some kind of idea what was going on
and sometimes the insights worth one moves once that the person intended
you to get for instance I took a course in writing when I was a
freshman at the university of Colorado that was taught by the teacher
who had a number of issues that they were fighting one was a sense
of gender kind of disestablished mature so they I I don't even know
how to describe it but clearly they had some gender issues that were
working here in the end this person seem like they were a frustrated
critic in looking at the writing we do and they were trying to teach
is writing that was literary writing fiction right you know how
do you describe the golden sun on the shifting sands not the kind of
writing I do so it didn't do me any good but I did get a lot of course
because I found out what's it like to work with a person like that
and how do you get by did how do you not start fights with somebody
like that how do you try to honor the skills they do have in learn
from them even if it's a negative learn from them how not to teach
a class now not true late yeah your students later on in life